README.md, before:

A Trip to Japan
================
![screenshot](/assets/images/screenshot.png "Title")

Table of contents
------------------
* Introduction
* Features
* Technology
    * HTML
    * CSS
*  Testing
*  Browser Functions Checks
    * Google chrome
    * Safari
    * Microsoft Edge
*  Bugs
*  Deployment
*  Credits and Acknowledgement

Introduction
------------
The purpose of Trip to Japan is to brign to the users consciousness the wonders that are available in the beautiful island country of japan. The site elightens the user of what is acheiveable on a trip to this beautiful country, it specifically highlights in a package all the events and festivals with popular tourist locatios in one pacakage. Also giving the user the optiosn to make thier own custiomised selections based of the ideas that have been embedded in the site. The site is packaged with all the necessary details for the user to on thier own build a travel package and also any other details that they may have that is not included on the site to prompt futrther discussions relating to budget and so on. The sites consists of three web pages ( Home, Sites & Book a Trip).

![Home page Screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%201.png "Title")

![Home page2 Screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%202.png "Title")

![Footer](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%20footer.png "Title")

Features
---------
This sections gives an in depth description of the elements that come together to meet the goal of the site.

### Menu (Navigation Bar)
> This is the feature that is present in the 3 pages and guides the user through the whole experince embeded in each page acting as an entarnce to what each page has to deliver. it consists of the Home page, Sites & Book a trip pages and has the same structure embeded in each page for balanced user experience.

![Nav Bar screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Nav%20bar.png "Title")

### Home 
> This is the page that introductes the user to the concept of the site which is travel it witholds one of the greatest wonders of Japan which is Mt.fuji, welcoming the user to the experince of the country Japan.

![Home Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%201.png "Title")

### Footer Section
> This section has links to relevanyt social media outlets (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) where the user can reach out to gather more contents or check reviews from other travellers to build a customised or same experince.

![Footer](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%20footer.png "Title")

### The Sites Page
> This is just a Picuture gallery of some of the popular sites in japan to help the user have an imaginative feel of what is possible and spark the ideas that will be outlined in the booking page to build thier suggested travel experience
![Sites Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Sites%20Page.png "Title")

### The Booking page
> This is the page where all the ideas from the user suggested experince is collated it encompasses a form that enables the user to customize what experince they would like to have taken in details such as thier names, address, duration of stay, and any other customised details to make them have the fufilled experince they intended.
![Booking Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Booking%20Page.png "Title")

Technology
-----------
* HTML
* CSS

Testing
--------
* CSS
    * No errors were discovered (Jigsaw) validator

* HTML
    * No errors were found on W3C validator

* Accessibility
    * lighthouse online accessibility cheker was used and low performance was detected.
    
![accessibility checker](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Accessibility%20Lighthouse.png "Title")

Browser Compatibilty Checks
---------------------------
* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Microsoft Edge

### Google Chrome
The site was deployed on google chrome and had no issues.

![google chrome](/assets/images/Google%20chrome.png "Title")

### Safari
The site was deployed on safari and had no issues.

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Safari.png "Title")

### Micorsoft Edge
The site was deployed on Microsoft Edge and had no issues.

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Microsoft%20edge%20Test.jpg "Title")

Mannual Testing
---------------

The responsive features embeded into the site were also manually tested for diffrent screen sizes.

* For small screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/small%20screen.png "Title")

* For medium screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Medium%20Screens.png "Title")

*  For larger to medium screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Larger%20screens.png "Title")


Bugs
----
No unresolved bugs


Deployement
-----------
This is a description of the process of deploying the site to a live enviroment, running in an enviroment to work on the site or retrieve copies of the website files.

### Local Deployment

- Go to [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/)
- Login using Github Account
- Download and install the Gitpod browser extension
- Return to repository
- Select the green Gitpod button in green 


### Remote Deployment
- In the Github repository, navigate to the settings tab
- Select the pages link in the sidebar
- Under "Build and deployment" under "branch" use the none or branch drop-down menu and select publishing source
- Once the master branch has been selected, the page will automatically refresh with a detailed ribbon display to show a successful deplyment


### Cloning and Forking
- At the top of the repository page, select fork and choose a name for the new repository to create a copy
- As an alternative select the code from the file viewer and use the link to pull a copy of the code.

The live link to the Project can be found [here](https://greglabo78.github.io/Project-Milestone-1-html-css/)


Credits and Acknoledgements
---------------------------
All Icons embeded on the website were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

The images used were all open sourced from various free website offerings

Masonary formatting of section for images on site page - Tutorial from [Code institute](https://codeinstitute.net/)

Commit message:

modifcation to deployment write up

README.md, after:

A Trip to Japan
================
![screenshot](/assets/images/screenshot.png "Title")

Table of contents
------------------
* Introduction
* Features
* Technology
    * HTML
    * CSS
*  Testing
*  Browser Functions Checks
    * Google chrome
    * Safari
    * Microsoft Edge
*  Bugs
*  Deployment
*  Credits and Acknowledgement

Introduction
------------
The purpose of Trip to Japan is to brign to the users consciousness the wonders that are available in the beautiful island country of japan. The site elightens the user of what is acheiveable on a trip to this beautiful country, it specifically highlights in a package all the events and festivals with popular tourist locatios in one pacakage. Also giving the user the optiosn to make thier own custiomised selections based of the ideas that have been embedded in the site. The site is packaged with all the necessary details for the user to on thier own build a travel package and also any other details that they may have that is not included on the site to prompt futrther discussions relating to budget and so on. The sites consists of three web pages ( Home, Sites & Book a Trip).

![Home page Screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%201.png "Title")

![Home page2 Screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%202.png "Title")

![Footer](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%20footer.png "Title")

Features
---------
This sections gives an in depth description of the elements that come together to meet the goal of the site.

### Menu (Navigation Bar)
> This is the feature that is present in the 3 pages and guides the user through the whole experince embeded in each page acting as an entarnce to what each page has to deliver. it consists of the Home page, Sites & Book a trip pages and has the same structure embeded in each page for balanced user experience.

![Nav Bar screenshot](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Nav%20bar.png "Title")

### Home 
> This is the page that introductes the user to the concept of the site which is travel it witholds one of the greatest wonders of Japan which is Mt.fuji, welcoming the user to the experince of the country Japan.

![Home Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%201.png "Title")

### Footer Section
> This section has links to relevanyt social media outlets (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) where the user can reach out to gather more contents or check reviews from other travellers to build a customised or same experince.

![Footer](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Home%20page%20footer.png "Title")

### The Sites Page
> This is just a Picuture gallery of some of the popular sites in japan to help the user have an imaginative feel of what is possible and spark the ideas that will be outlined in the booking page to build thier suggested travel experience
![Sites Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Sites%20Page.png "Title")

### The Booking page
> This is the page where all the ideas from the user suggested experince is collated it encompasses a form that enables the user to customize what experince they would like to have taken in details such as thier names, address, duration of stay, and any other customised details to make them have the fufilled experince they intended.
![Booking Page](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Booking%20Page.png "Title")

Technology
-----------
* HTML
* CSS

Testing
--------
* CSS
    * No errors were discovered (Jigsaw) validator

* HTML
    * No errors were found on W3C validator

* Accessibility
    * lighthouse online accessibility cheker was used and low performance was detected.
    
![accessibility checker](/assets/images/site-screenshots/Accessibility%20Lighthouse.png "Title")

Browser Compatibilty Checks
---------------------------
* Google Chrome
* Safari
* Microsoft Edge

### Google Chrome
The site was deployed on google chrome and had no issues.

![google chrome](/assets/images/Google%20chrome.png "Title")

### Safari
The site was deployed on safari and had no issues.

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Safari.png "Title")

### Micorsoft Edge
The site was deployed on Microsoft Edge and had no issues.

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Microsoft%20edge%20Test.jpg "Title")

Mannual Testing
---------------

The responsive features embeded into the site were also manually tested for diffrent screen sizes.

* For small screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/small%20screen.png "Title")

* For medium screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Medium%20Screens.png "Title")

*  For larger to medium screen sizes 

![accessibility checker](/assets/images/Larger%20screens.png "Title")


Bugs
----
No unresolved bugs


Deployement
-----------
The site was deployed to Github pages. The steps to deploy are as folllows:
- In the Github repository, navigate to the settings tab
- Select the pages link in the sidebar
- Under "Build and deployment" under "branch" use the none or branch drop-down menu and select publishing source
- Once the master branch has been selected, the page will automatically refresh with a detailed ribbon display to show a successful deplyment

The live link to the website can be found [here](https://greglabo78.github.io/Project-Milestone-1-html-css/)


Credits and Acknoledgements
---------------------------
All Icons embeded on the website were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

The images used were all open sourced from various free website offerings

Masonary formatting of section for images on site page - Tutorial from [Code institute](https://codeinstitute.net/)
